diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Acoustic neuroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Acoustic trauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Age-related hearing loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Aging changes in the senses.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Benign ear cyst or tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Ear discharge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Ear infection - acute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Ear infection - chronic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Earache.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Hearing loss - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Hearing loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Infectious myringitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Keratosis obturans.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Labyrinthitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Occupational hearing loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Otitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Otosclerosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Ruptured eardrum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Sensorineural deafness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Swimmer's ear .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Tinnitus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/AUDIOLOGIST/Waardenburg syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Ankle pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Anterior knee pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Elbow pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Foot pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Joint pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Knee pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Leg pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Low back pain - acute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Low back pain - chronic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Neck pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Shoulder pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/CHIROPRACTIC/Wrist pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Acne.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Aging changes in hair and nails.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Aging changes in skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Allergy testing - skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Alopecia areata.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Atopic dermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Candida infection of the skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Cellulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Clubbing of the fingers or toes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Contact dermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Cuts and puncture wounds.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dermatitis herpetiformis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dermatomyositis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dermatoses - systemic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dry hair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dry skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Dyshidrotic eczema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Ectodermal dysplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Folliculitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Fungal nail infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Hair dye poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Hair loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Head lice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Hot tub folliculitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Hyperelastic skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Ichthyosis vulgaris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Ingrown toenail.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Intertrigo.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Male pattern baldness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Nail abnormalities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Nail care for newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Nummular eczema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Oily skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Paronychia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Pilonidal cyst resection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Pilonidal sinus disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Psoriasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Psoriatic arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Rash - child under 2 years.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Rashes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Scalded skin syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Scales.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin - abnormally dark or light.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin discoloration - bluish.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin graft.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin lesion aspiration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Skin lesion of blastomycosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Splinter hemorrhages.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Squamous cell skin cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/DERMATOLOGY/Trichorrhexis nodosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Acromegaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Addison disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Aging changes in hormone production.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Aging changes in the female reproductive system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Cranial mononeuropathy III - diabetic type.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Diabetes insipidus - central.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Diabetes insipidus - nephrogenic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Diabetes insipidus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Diabetes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Drug-induced hypoglycemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Factitious hyperthyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Gestational diabetes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Gigantism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Growth hormone deficiency - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Hormonal effects in newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Hypopituitarism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Hypothyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) I.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Sheehan syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Type 1 diabetes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Type 2 diabetes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ENDOCRINOLOGY/Virilization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GASTROENTEROLOGY/Abdominal pain - children under age 12.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GASTROENTEROLOGY/Abdominal pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GASTROENTEROLOGY/Gastroschisis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GASTROENTEROLOGY/Mittelschmerz.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GASTROENTEROLOGY/Point tenderness - abdomen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aarskog syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aase syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal aortic aneurysm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal bloating.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal exploration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal girth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal mass.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal rigidity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal sounds.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal tap .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal thrusts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal wall fat pad biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal wall surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abdominal x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ABO incompatibility.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abscess - abdomen or pelvis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Absence seizure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acanthosis nigricans.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ACE blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acetaminophen and codeine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acetaminophen overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acetone poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acetylcholine receptor antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Achalasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Achilles tendinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Achilles tendon repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Achondrogenesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Achondroplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acid loading test (pH).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acid mucopolysaccharides.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acid soldering flux poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acid-fast stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ACL reconstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acquired platelet function defect.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acrodermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acrodysostosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ACTH blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ACTH stimulation test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Actinic keratosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Actinomycosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute adrenal crisis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute cerebellar ataxia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute cholecystitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute coronary syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute mountain sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute myeloid leukemia - adult.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute nephritic syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute pancreatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute respiratory distress syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Acute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adenoid removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adhesion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adjustment disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adolescent development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adolescent test or procedure preparation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adrenal glands.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adrenalectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adrenergic bronchodilator overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adrenocortical carcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adrenoleukodystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Adult Still's disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aerobic bacteria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aerobic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aflatoxin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aftershave poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Agammaglobulinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in body shape.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in immunity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in organs - tissue - cells.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in sleep.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in the bones - muscles - joints.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in the breast.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in the face.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in the lungs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in the male reproductive system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging changes in vital signs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aging spots -- should you be concerned?.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Agitation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Agoraphobia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Agranulocytosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aicardi syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alanine transaminase (ALT) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Albinism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Albumin - blood (serum) test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcohol use and safe drinking.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcohol use disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcohol withdrawal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcoholic ketoacidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcoholic liver disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alcoholic neuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aldolase blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aldosterone blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alertness - decreased.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alkalosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alkaptonuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Allergen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Allergic conjunctivitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Allergic reactions.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Allergic rhinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Allergies - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aloe.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ALP - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ALP isoenzyme test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alpha fetoprotein.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alpha-1 antitrypsin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alport syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alström syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alternative medicine - pain relief.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Alveolar abnormalities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amaurosis fugax.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ambiguous genitalia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amblyopia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amebiasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amebic liver abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amelogenesis imperfecta.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amino acids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aminoaciduria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aminophylline overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amitriptyline and perphenazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amitriptyline hydrochloride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ammonia blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ammonia poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ammonium hydroxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amniocentesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amniotic band syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amniotic fluid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amputation - traumatic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amylase - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amylase - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anaerobic bacteria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anaerobic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anal fissure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anaphylaxis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anaplastic thyroid cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anastomosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Androgen insensitivity syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anemia caused by low iron - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anemia caused by low iron - infants and toddlers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anemia of chronic disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anencephaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aneurysm in the brain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aneurysm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angelman syndrome .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angiodysplasia of the colon.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angioedema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angioplasty and stent placement - carotid artery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angioplasty and stent placement - heart.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Angioplasty and stent placement -- peripheral arteries.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anisocoria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ankle arthroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ankle replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ankylosing spondylitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Annular pancreas.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anomalous left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anorchia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anorectal abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anorexia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anterior vaginal wall repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anterior.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anthrax blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anthrax.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-DNase B blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-glomerular basement membrane blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-insulin antibody test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-reflux surgery - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-reflux surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-rust product poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anti-smooth muscle antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antibody titer blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Anticoagulant rodenticides poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antidiarrheal drug overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antidiuretic hormone blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antifreeze poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antigen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antimitochondrial antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antinuclear antibody panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antiparietal cell antibody test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antistreptolysin O titer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antithrombin III blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antithyroglobulin antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Antithyroid microsomal antibody.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic aneurysm repair - endovascular.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic arch syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic dissection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic insufficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic stenosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic valve surgery - minimally invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortic valve surgery - open.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aortopulmonary window.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apert syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apgar score.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aplastic anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aplastic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apnea of prematurity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apolipoprotein B100.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apolipoprotein CII.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apoplexy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Appendectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Appendicitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Appetite - decreased.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Appetite - increased.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Appropriate for gestational age (AGA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Apraxia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arachnodactyly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arm CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arm MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Armpit lump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arrhenoblastoma of ovary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arterial embolism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arterial insufficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arterial stick.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arteriogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asbestosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ascariasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ascites.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asherman syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspartic acid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asperger syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspergillosis precipitin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspergillosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asphalt cement poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspiration pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspiration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aspirin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asthma - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asthma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Astigmatism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asymptomatic bacteriuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asymptomatic HIV infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Asymptomatic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ataxia - telangiectasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atelectasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atheroembolic renal disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Athlete's foot.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atrial fibrillation or flutter.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atrial myxoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atrial septal defect (ASD).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Atypical pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Audiometry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Aural polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Auscultation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autism spectrum disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autoerythrocyte sensitivity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autoimmune disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autoimmune hepatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autoimmune liver disease panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autoinoculation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Automatic dishwasher soap poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autonomic neuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autosomal dominant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Autosomal recessive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Avian influenza.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Axillary nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/B and T cell screen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Babies and heat rashes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Babies and shots.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Babinski reflex.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bacitracin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bacitracin zinc overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Back pain - when you see the doctor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bacterial gastroenteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/BAER - brainstem auditory evoked response.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Baker cyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Baking powder overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Baking soda overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Balanitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Barbiturate intoxication and overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Barium enema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Barrett esophagus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bartholin cyst or abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bartter syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Basal ganglia dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Basic metabolic panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bassen-Kornzweig syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Becker muscular dystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bedtime habits.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bee poison.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Beeswax poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Belching.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bell palsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Benefits of quitting tobacco.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Benign positional vertigo.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Benign.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Benzene poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Beriberi.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bernstein test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Beta-blockers overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Beta-carotene blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bezoar.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bicuspid aortic valve .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bile culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bile duct obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bile duct stricture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bile.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bili lights.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biliary atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biliary system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bilirubin - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bilirubin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bilirubin encephalopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Binge eating disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biofeedback.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biopsy - biliary tract.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biopsy - polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bipolar disorder .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birth control - slow release methods.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birth control and family planning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birth control pill overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birth control pills - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birthmarks - pigmented.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Birthmarks - red.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Black nightshade poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Black widow spider.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blackheads.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bladder biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bladder exstrophy repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bladder outlet obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bladder stones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blastomycosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding esophageal varices.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding gums.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding into the skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding time.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bleeding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blepharitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blind loop syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blindness and vision loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blockage of upper airway.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blocked tear duct.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood clots.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood differential test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood gases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood in the semen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood pressure measurement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood pressure monitors for home.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood sugar test - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blood typing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bloody or tarry stools.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blount disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Blue nightshade poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Body lice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Body mass index.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Body temperature norms.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Boils.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone graft.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone lesion biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone marrow aspiration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone marrow biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone marrow culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone marrow transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone mineral density test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bone x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Boric acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Botulinum toxin injection - larynx.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Botulism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bowel incontinence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bowel retraining.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bowel transit time.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bowlegs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brachial plexopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brachial plexus injury in newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brachial plexus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brain aneurysm repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brain natriuretic peptide test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brain PET scan .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brain surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Branchial cleft cyst .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast augmentation surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast biopsy - stereotactic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast biopsy - ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast enlargement in males.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast lift.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast lump removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast lump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast milk jaundice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast reconstruction - implants .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast reconstruction - natural tissue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast reduction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast self-exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breast ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breath alcohol test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breath holding spell.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breath odor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breath sounds.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breathing - slowed or stopped.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breathing difficulties - first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breathing difficulty - lying down.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Breathing difficulty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brief psychotic disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brief resolved unexplained event - BRUE.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Broad nasal bridge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Broken or knocked out tooth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brompheniramine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchiectasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchiolitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchitis - acute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchopulmonary dysplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchoscopic culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bronchoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brown recluse spider.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Brucellosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bruise.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bruxism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bubble bath soap poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Buccal smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bug repellent safety.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bug spray poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bulimia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bullae.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bullous pemphigoid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/BUN - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bunion removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bunions.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Burns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bursitis of the heel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Bursitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Butazolidin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Button batteries.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Byssinosis .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/C-reactive protein.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/C-section.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/C1 esterase inhibitor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CA-125 blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caffeine in the diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caffeine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caladium plant poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcification.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcitonin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium - ionized.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium and bones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium carbonate overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium carbonate with magnesium overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium hydroxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium pyrophosphate arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium supplements.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calcium-channel blocker overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Calla lily.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caloric stimulation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Campho-Phenique overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Camphor overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Campylobacter infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Campylobacter serology test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Canavan disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Candles poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Canker sore.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Capillary nail refill test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Capillary sample.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caplan syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Capsule endoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caput succedaneum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carbohydrates.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carbolic acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carbon monoxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carbuncle.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carcinoid syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac ablation procedures .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac amyloidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac arrest.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac catheterization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac glycoside overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiac tamponade.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiomyopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardiovascular.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cardioversion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carotid artery disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carotid artery surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carotid duplex.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carpal tunnel biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carpal tunnel release  .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carpal tunnel syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Carrying angle of the elbow - excessive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Castor oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cat-scratch disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cataract - adult.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cataract removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Catecholamine blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Catecholamines - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caterpillars.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Catheter-related UTI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Caulking compound poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cavernous sinus thrombosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CBC blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CEA blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cedar leaf oil poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Celiac disease - nutritional considerations.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Celiac disease - sprue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cell phones and cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cellulite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Centipede.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Central nervous system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Central venous line - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Certified nurse-midwife.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ceruloplasmin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervical dysplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervical MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervical polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervical spine CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervical spondylosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervicitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervix cryosurgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cervix.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chafing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chagas disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chalazion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chancroid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Changes in the newborn at birth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chapped hands.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chapped lips.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Charley horse .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chediak-Higashi syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chemical burn or reaction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chemical pneumonitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chemosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chemotherapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cherry angioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chest CT.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chest MRI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chest pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chest tube insertion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chest x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chicken soup and sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chickenpox (varicella) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chickenpox.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chiggers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Childhood disintegrative disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chills.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chin augmentation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chinese restaurant syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chiropractor profession.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlamydia infections in women.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlamydia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlamydial infections - male.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlordiazepoxide overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chloride - urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chloride in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chloride test - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlorinated lime poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlorine poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlorophyll.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chlorpromazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choanal atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choking - adult or child over 1 year.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choking - infant under 1 year.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choking - unconscious adult or child over 1 year.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholangiocarcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholangitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choledocholithiasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholera.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholestasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholesteatoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cholinesterase - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choosing a primary care provider.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choroid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Choroidal dystrophies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chromatography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chromium - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chromium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chromosome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic cholecystitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic fatigue syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic granulomatous disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic motor tic disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic pancreatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic subdural hematoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic thyroiditis (Hashimoto disease).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chronic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Chylomicronemia syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ciliary body.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Circumcision.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cirrhosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Citric acid urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Claw foot.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Claw hand.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Clean catch urine sample.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cleft lip and palate repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cleft lip and palate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cleidocranial dysostosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Clinitest tablets poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cloth dye poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cloudy cornea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Clubfoot repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Clubfoot.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cluster headache.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CMV - gastroenteritis-colitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CMV pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CMV retinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CMV serology test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CO2 blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coal worker's pneumoconiosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coarctation of the aorta.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cobalt poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cocaine intoxication.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cocaine withdrawal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coccidioides complement fixation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coccidioides precipitin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cochlear implant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Codeine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cold intolerance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cold knife cone biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cold wave lotion poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colds and flus - antibiotics.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Collagen vascular disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Collapsed lung (pneumothorax).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/College students and the flu.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coloboma of the iris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cologne poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colon cancer screening.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colonoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Color blindness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Color vision test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colorado tick fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colorectal polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colostomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Colposcopy - directed biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Comedones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Common cold.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Common peroneal nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Compartment syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Compazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Complement component 3 (C3).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Complement component 4.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Complement fixation test to C burnetii.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Complement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Complex regional pain syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Comprehensive metabolic panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Compulsive gambling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Concomitant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Concussion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Condoms - male.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Conduct disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Confusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital adrenal hyperplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital afibrinogenemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital antithrombin III deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital cataract.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital cytomegalovirus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital heart defect - corrective surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital heart disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital nephrotic syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital platelet function defects.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital protein C or S deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital rubella.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital spherocytic anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital syphilis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Congenital toxoplasmosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Conjunctiva.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Conjunctivitis or pink eye.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Conscious sedation for surgical procedures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Constipation in infants and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Consumer rights and responsibilities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Contac overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Contracture deformity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Contraindication.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Conversion disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cooking utensils and nutrition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coombs test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Copper in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Copper poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cor pulmonale.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cord blood testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Corneal injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Corneal transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Corneal ulcers and infections.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Corns and calluses.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coronary angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coronary artery fistula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coronary artery spasm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Corticosteroids overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cortisol blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cortisol urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cosmetic ear surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Costochondritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cough.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Coughing up blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cow's milk - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cow's milk and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CPK isoenzymes test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CPR - adult and child 9 years and older.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CPR - child (1 to 8 years old).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CPR - infant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CPR.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cradle cap.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creatine phosphokinase test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creatinine blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creatinine clearance test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creatinine urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creeping eruption.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cri du chat syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Crigler-Najjar syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Crohn disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Croup.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Crush injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Crying - excessive (0 to 6 months).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Crying in infancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cryoglobulinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cryoglobulins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cryotherapy - skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cryptococcosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cryptosporidium enteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSD skin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF cell count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF coccidioides complement fixation test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF glucose test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF leak.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF myelin basic protein.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF oligoclonal banding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF total protein.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CSF-VDRL test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CT angiography - abdomen and pelvis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CT angiography - arms and legs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CT angiography - chest.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CT angiography - head and neck.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Culdocentesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Culture - colonic tissue .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Culture - duodenal tissue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Culture - joint fluid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Culture-negative endocarditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Curvature of the penis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cushing disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cushing syndrome due to adrenal tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cushing syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cutaneous skin tag.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cuticle remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cyanoacrylates.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cyproheptadine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystic fibrosis - nutrition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystic fibrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystic hygroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cysticercosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystinuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystitis - acute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystitis - noninfectious.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystometric study.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cystoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cytochrome b5 reductase.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cytologic evaluation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cytology exam of pleural fluid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cytology exam of urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/D and C.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/D-dimer test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/D-xylose absorption.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dacron graft.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dacryoadenitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Day care health risks.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Death among children and adolescents.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Deep brain stimulation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Deep vein thrombosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dehydration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Delayed ejaculation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Delayed growth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Delta agent (Hepatitis D).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Delta-ALA urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dementia - home care.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dementia due to metabolic causes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dengue fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dengue hemorrhagic fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental care - adult.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental care - child.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental cavities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental crowns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental plaque identification at home.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dental x-rays.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Denture problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Deodorant poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Depilatory poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Depression - older adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Depression - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dermabrasion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Desipramine hydrochloride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Detergent poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental coordination disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental disorders of the female genital tract.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental dysplasia of the hip.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 12 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 18 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 2 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 2 years.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 3 years.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 4 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 4 years.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 5 years.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 6 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record - 9 months.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental milestones record.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Developmental reading disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dexamethasone suppression test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dextrocardia .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dextromethorphan overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/DHEA-sulfate test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetes and eye disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetes and kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetes and nerve damage.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetes diet - gestational.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetes type 2 - meal planning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetic hyperglycemic hyperosmolar syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diabetic ketoacidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diagnostic laparoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dialysis - peritoneal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diaper rash.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diaphragmatic hernia repair - congenital.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diaphragmatic hernia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diarrhea - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diarrhea in infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diastasis recti.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diazepam overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diazinon poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diclofenac sodium overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dieffenbachia poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diesel oil.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diet - chronic kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diet - liver disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diet and cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dietary fat and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Digestive diseases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Digital rectal exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Digitalis toxicity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Digoxin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dilantin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dimenhydrinate overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diphenhydramine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (DTaP) vaccines - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diphtheria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dirt - swallowing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Discipline.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/disease_matrix.npz
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diskectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diskitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dislocation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Disorder of written expression.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dissect.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Disseminated tuberculosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Distal median nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Distal renal tubular acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Distal splenorenal shunt.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Distal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diverticulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Diverticulosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dizziness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Doctor of medicine profession (MD).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Doctor of osteopathic medicine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Donath-Landsteiner test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Donovanosis (granuloma inguinale).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Doppler ultrasound exam of an arm or leg.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Double aortic arch.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Double inlet left ventricle .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Double outlet right ventricle .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Down syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Doxepin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drain cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drain opener poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drainpipe cleaners.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drooling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drowsiness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug allergies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug use first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced diarrhea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced hepatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced hypertension.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced immune hemolytic anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced lupus erythematosus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced pulmonary disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drug-induced tremor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Drugs that may cause impotence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dry cell battery poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dry eye syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dubin-Johnson syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Duchenne muscular dystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Duodenal atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Duodenum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Duplex ultrasound .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dupuytren contracture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dye remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dysarthria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Dyscrasias.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/E. coli enteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear - blocked at high altitudes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear barotrauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear drainage culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear emergencies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear examination.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear tag.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear tube insertion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ear wax.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eardrum repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Earlobe creases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ebola virus disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ebstein anomaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Echinococcosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ECHO virus .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Echocardiogram - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Echocardiogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eclampsia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ecthyma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ectopic Cushing syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ectopic heartbeat.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ectropion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/EEG.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/EGD - esophagogastroduodenoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ehrlichiosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eisenmenger syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Elbow replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electrical injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electrocardiogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electrocauterization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electroconvulsive therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electrolytes - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electrolytes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electromyography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electronystagmography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Electroretinography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Elephant ear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Elimination patterns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ELISA.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ellis-van Creveld syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Emergency airway puncture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Emergency contraception.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Empty sella syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Empyema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Encephalitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Encopresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endemic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocardial cushion defect.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocarditis - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocarditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocervical culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocervical gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endocrine glands.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endometrial ablation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endometrial biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endometrial polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endometriosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endometritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endophthalmitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endoscope.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endoscopic ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endotracheal intubation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Endovascular embolization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enlarged adenoids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enlarged prostate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enteroclysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enteroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enterotoxin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Entropion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enzyme markers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Enzyme.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eosinophil count - absolute.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eosinophilic fasciitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epicanthal folds.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epidermolysis bullosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epididymitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epidural abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epidural injections for back pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epiglottitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epilepsy - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epilepsy - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Episcleritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epispadias.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epithelium.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epley maneuver.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epstein pearls.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Epstein-Barr virus antibody test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ERCP.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erection problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erosion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erysipelas.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erysipeloid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythema multiforme.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythema nodosum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythema toxicum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythrasma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythroplasia of Queyrat.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Erythropoietin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eschar.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal manometry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal perforation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal pH monitoring.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal spasm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophageal stricture - benign.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophagectomy - minimally invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophagectomy - open.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophagitis - infectious.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Esophagitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/ESR.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Essential tremor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Estradiol blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Estrogen overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ethanol poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ethmoiditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ethylene glycol blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ethylene glycol poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Etiology.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eucalyptus oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eugenol oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Euglobulin lysis time.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eustachian tube patency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ewing sarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Excessive or unwanted hair in women.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exchange transfusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exercise and age.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exercise and immunity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exercise stress test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exfoliative dermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exogenous Cushing syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Expressive language disorder - developmental.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/External incontinence devices.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Extraocular muscle function testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Extremity angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Extremity x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Exudate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eye and orbit ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eye floaters.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eye muscle repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eyelid bump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eyelid drooping.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eyelid lift.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eyelid twitch.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Eyes - bulging.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Face pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Face powder poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facelift.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facial nerve palsy due to birth trauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facial paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facial swelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facial tics.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor II assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor II deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor IX assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor V assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor V deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor VII assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor VII deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor VIII assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor X assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor X deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor XII (Hageman factor) deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Factor XII assay.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fainting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial combined hyperlipidemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial dysautonomia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial dysbetalipoproteinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial hypercholesterolemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial hypertriglyceridemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Familial Mediterranean fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fanconi anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fanconi syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Farsightedness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fatigue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fatty liver - nonalcoholic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Febrile seizures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Febrile-cold agglutinins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fecal culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fecal fat.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fecal impaction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fecal smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Feeding tube - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Feeding tube insertion - gastrostomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Felty syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Female condoms.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Female pattern baldness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Femoral hernia repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Femoral hernia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Femoral nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fenoprofen calcium overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ferritin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fetal development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fetal echocardiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fetal scalp pH testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fetal-maternal erythrocyte distribution blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fiber.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibrin degradation products.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibrinogen blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibrinolysis - primary or secondary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibrinopeptide A blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibroadenoma - breast.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibrocystic breast disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fibromyalgia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fifth disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fine motor control.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fine needle aspiration of the thyroid .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Finger pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fingers that change color .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fire ants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/First aid kit.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fish tapeworm infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fishhook removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fistula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Flank pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Flat bones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Flat feet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fleas.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Flu.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fluid imbalance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fluorescein angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fluorescein eye stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fluoride in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fluoride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Flushable reagent stool blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Folate deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Folate-deficiency anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Folic acid - test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Folic acid in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fontanelles - bulging.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fontanelles - enlarged.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fontanelles - sunken.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food additives.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food allergy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food guide plate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food jags.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food labeling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food poisoning prevention.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Food safety.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foods - fresh vs. frozen or canned.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foot pain causes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foot, leg, and ankle swelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foraminotomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Forehead lift.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foreign body in the nose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foreign object - inhaled or swallowed.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Foxglove poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fractional excretion of sodium.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fractured clavicle in the newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fragile X syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Free T4 test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Frequent or urgent urination.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Friedreich ataxia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Frontal bossing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Frostbite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Frozen shoulder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/FTA-ABS test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fuchs dystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fuel oil poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fungal arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Funnel-web spider bite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Furniture polish poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fusion of the ear bones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Fussy or irritable child.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Galactose-1-phosphate uridyltransferase blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Galactosemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gallbladder radionuclide scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gallbladder removal - laparoscopic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gallbladder removal - open.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gallium scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gallstones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ganglioneuroblastoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ganglioneuroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gangrene.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gas - flatulence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gas gangrene.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gasoline poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastrectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastric bypass surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastric culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastric suction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastric tissue biopsy and culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastrin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastroesophageal reflux disease - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastroesophageal reflux disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastroesophageal reflux in infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastrointestinal bleeding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastrointestinal fistula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastrointestinal perforation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastroparesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gastroschisis repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gaucher disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gender dysphoria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/General anesthesia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Generalized anxiety disorder - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Generalized anxiety disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Generalized tonic-clonic seizure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genetically engineered foods.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genetics.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genital herpes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genital injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genital sores - female.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genital sores - male.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Genital warts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Geographic tongue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gestational age.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Getting a prescription filled.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Giant congenital nevus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Giardia infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gilbert disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gingivitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gingivostomatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glanzmann disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glaucoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glaze poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glomerular filtration rate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glomerulonephritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glomus jugulare tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glomus tympanum tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glossitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glossopharyngeal neuralgia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucagon blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucagonoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucose screening tests during pregnancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucose tolerance test - non-pregnant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucose urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Glucuronyl transferase.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Goiter - simple.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gonococcal arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gonorrhea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gout.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Graft-versus-host disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gram stain of skin lesion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gram stain of tissue biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gram stain of urethral discharge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Granulocyte.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Granuloma annulare.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Granulomatosis with polyangiitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Grass allergy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Grass and weed killer poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Graves disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Groin lump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Groin pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gross motor control.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Group B streptococcal septicemia of the newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Growth chart.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Growth hormone stimulation test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Growth hormone suppression test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Growth hormone test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Guillain-Barré syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gum biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gumma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Gums - swollen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/H1N1 influenza (Swine flu).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/H2 receptor antagonists overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Haemophilus influenzae Type b (Hib) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hair bleach poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hair spray poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hair straightener poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hair tonic poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hair transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hairy cell leukemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hallucinations.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ham test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hammer toe repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hammer toe.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hand lotion poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hand or foot spasms.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hand x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hand-foot-mouth disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hangover treatment.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hantavirus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Haptoglobin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hardening of the arteries.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hardware removal - extremity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HCG blood test - qualitative.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HCG blood test - quantitative.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HCG in urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Head and face reconstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Head circumference.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Head CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Head injury - first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Head MRI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Headache.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - men - ages 18 to 39.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - men - ages 40 to 64.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - men age 65 and older.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - women - ages 18 to 39.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - women - ages 40 to 64.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Health screening - women - over age 65.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Healthy living.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart and vascular services.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart attack first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart bypass surgery - minimally invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart bypass surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart MRI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart PET scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heart valve surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heat emergencies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heat intolerance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heel pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heimlich maneuver on self.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HELLP syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemangioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hematocrit.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemochromatosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemodialysis access procedures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobin C disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobin derivatives.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobin electrophoresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobinopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemoglobinuria test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolytic anemia caused by chemicals and toxins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolytic anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolytic crisis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolytic disease of the newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemolytic-uremic syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemophilia A.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemophilia B.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemophilia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemorrhagic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemorrhoid surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemorrhoids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hemothorax.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Henoch-Schönlein purpura.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatic hemangioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatic ischemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatic vein obstruction (Budd-Chiari).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis A - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis A vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis A.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis B - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis B vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis B.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis C - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis C.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis virus panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatocerebral degeneration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatomegaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hepatorenal syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary amyloidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary angioedema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary elliptocytosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary fructose intolerance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary ovalocytosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hereditary urea cycle abnormality.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hernia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Herniated disk.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heroin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Herpangina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Herpes - oral.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Herpes viral culture of lesion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Herpetic stomatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Heterochromia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hiatal hernia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hiccups.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High arch.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood cholesterol levels.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood pressure - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood pressure and diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood pressure and eye disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood pressure medicines.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High blood pressure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/High potassium level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hip arthroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hip joint injection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hip joint replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hip pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hirschsprung disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/His bundle electrography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histiocyte.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histiocytosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histocompatibility antigen test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histoplasma complement fixation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histoplasma skin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histoplasmosis - acute (primary) pulmonary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Histoplasmosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HIV-AIDS - pregnancy and infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HIV-AIDS.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hives.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HLA-B27 antigen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hoarseness .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Holter monitor (24h).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Home vision tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Homocystinuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hookworm infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hormone levels.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Horner syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hospital-acquired pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Household glue poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/How to choose the best hospital for surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/How to make a sling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/How to make a splint.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HPV (Human Papillomavirus) Gardasil® Vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HPV (Human Papillomavirus) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HPV DNA test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HPV vaccine (Human Papillomavirus) Cervarix® - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/HPV vaccine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Humidifiers and health.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hump behind the shoulders (Dorsocervical fat pad).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hunter syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Huntington disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hurler syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrocarbon pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrocele repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrocele.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrochloric acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrocodone and acetaminophen overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrocodone-oxycodone overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrofluoric acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrogen peroxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydromorphone overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydrops fetalis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hydroxyzine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperactivity and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperactivity and sugar.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperactivity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperaldosteronism - primary and secondary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperbaric oxygen therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypercalcemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperglycemia - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperhidrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperimmunization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperimmunoglobulin E syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperkalemic periodic paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypermobile joints.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperparathyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypersensitivity pneumonitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypersensitivity vasculitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypersplenism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypertensive heart disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperthyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyperventilation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypervitaminosis A.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypervitaminosis D.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hyphema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypochromia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypokalemic periodic paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypomelanosis of Ito.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypoparathyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypophosphatemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypoplastic left heart syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypospadias repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypospadias.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypothalamic dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypothalamic tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypothalamus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypothermia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypotonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypoventilation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hypovolemic shock.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hysterectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hysterosalpingography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Hysteroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ibuprofen overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Idiopathic hypercalciuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Idiopathic hypersomnia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Idiopathic livedo reticularis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/IgA nephropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ileostomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Illness anxiety disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Imaging and radiology.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Imipramine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immune hemolytic anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immune response.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immunodeficiency disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immunoelectrophoresis - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immunoelectrophoresis - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immunofixation -- urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Immunofixation blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Impacted tooth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Imperforate anus repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Imperforate anus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Impetigo.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/In vitro fertilization (IVF).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Inborn errors of metabolism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Incense.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Incidence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Incontinentia pigmenti .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Increased head circumference.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Indigestion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Indium-labelled WBC scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Indomethacin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Industrial bronchitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant - newborn development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant botulism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant formulas - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant of a substance using mother.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant of diabetic mother.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant reflexes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infant test-procedure preparation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Infertility.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Inflatable artificial sphincter.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Influenza (flu) vaccine (Inactivated or Recombinant): What you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Influenza (Flu) vaccine (Live, Intranasal): What you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Inguinal hernia repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ink poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ink remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insect bites and stings.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insecticide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insidious.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insomnia - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Inspection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insulin C-peptide test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Insulinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intellectual disability.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intercostal retractions.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intersex.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Interstitial cystitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Interstitial keratitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Interstitial lung disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Interstitial nephritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intestinal leiomyoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intestinal obstruction repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intestinal obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intestinal pseudo-obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intracardiac electrophysiology study (EPS).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intracranial pressure monitoring.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intraductal papilloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intrauterine devices (IUD).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intrauterine growth restriction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intrauterine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intravascular ultrasound .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intravenous pyelogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intravenous.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intraventricular hemorrhage of the newborn .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intravitreal injection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intrinsic factor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Intussusception - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iodine in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iodine poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ions.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iontophoresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/IQ testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iron deficiency anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iron in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Iron overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Irradiated foods.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Irregular sleep-wake syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Irritable bowel syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Isolated sleep paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Isopropanol overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Itching.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jack-in-the-pulpit poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jaundice causes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jaundice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jaw - broken or dislocated.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jellyfish stings.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jerusalem cherry poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jet lag prevention.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jewelry cleaners.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jimsonweed poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Jock itch.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Joint fluid Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Joint swelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Joint x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Juvenile angiofibroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Juvenile idiopathic arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kaposi sarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Karyotyping.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kawasaki disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Keloids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Keratoconus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Keratosis pilaris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kerosene poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ketones blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ketones urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ketoprofen overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kidney biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kidney function tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kidney removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kidney stones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kidney transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kinins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Klinefelter syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knee arthroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knee CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knee joint replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knee microfracture surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knee MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kneecap dislocation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Knock knees.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Krabbe disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kwashiorkor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Kyphoplasty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lacquer poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lacrimal gland tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lactate dehydrogenase test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lactic acid test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lactic acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lactose intolerance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lactose tolerance tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lambert-Eaton syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lamellar ichthyosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laminectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Language disorder - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lanolin poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laparoscopic gastric banding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Large bowel resection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Large for gestational age (LGA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laryngeal nerve damage.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laryngectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laryngitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laryngoscopy and nasolarynoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laryngoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laser photocoagulation - eye.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laser surgery - skin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laser therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/LASIK eye surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lateral traction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lateral.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Latex agglutination test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lavender oil.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Laxative overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/LDH isoenzyme blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lead - nutritional considerations.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lead and tap water.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lead levels - blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lead poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Learn to manage stress.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Left heart catheterization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Left heart ventricular angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leg CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leg lengthening and shortening.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leg MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leg or foot amputation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Legg-Calve-Perthes disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Legionnaire disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leiomyosarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leishmaniasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/LEOPARD syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lepromin skin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leprosy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leptospirosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leucine aminopeptidase - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leucine aminopeptidase blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leukemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leukemoid reaction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leukocyte esterase urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leukoplakia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Leydig cell tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/LH response to GnRH blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lichen planus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lichen simplex chronicus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lichenified.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lighter fluid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lily of the valley.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Limb plethysmography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Limb-girdle muscular dystrophies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Limited range of motion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lip moisturizer poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lipase test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lipofuscin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lipoprotein-a.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liposuction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liquid medication administration.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liquid nitrogen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Listeriosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lithium toxicity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lithotripsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver function tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver metastases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver spots.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Liver transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lomotil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Long bones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lordosis - lumbar.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Loss of brain function - liver disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low blood pressure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low blood sugar - newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low blood sugar.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low calcium level  - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low magnesium level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low nasal bridge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low potassium level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low sodium level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Low-set ears and pinna abnormalities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lower esophageal ring.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ludwig’s angina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lumbar MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lumbar spine CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lumbosacral spine CT.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lumbosacral spine x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lump in the abdomen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung cancer - small cell.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung diffusion testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung gallium scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung metastases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung needle biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung PET scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung plethysmography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung problems and volcanic smog.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lung transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lupus anticoagulants and antiphospholipid antibodies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lupus nephritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Luteinizing hormone (LH) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lyme disease blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lyme disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymph node biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymph node culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymph system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphadenitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphangiogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphangitis .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphatic obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphofollicular hyperplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphogranuloma venereum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Lymphoid hyperplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macroamylasemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macroglossia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macrosomia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macula lutea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macular degeneration - age-related.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Macule.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Magnesium blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Magnesium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Magnetic resonance angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Major depression with psychotic features.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Major depression.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malabsorption.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malaise.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malaria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malathion poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignant hypertension.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignant hyperthermia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignant mesothelioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignant otitis externa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malignant teratoma of the mediastinum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mallory-Weiss tear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malnutrition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Malocclusion of teeth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mammogram - calcifications.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mammogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Maple syrup urine disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Marfan syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Marijuana intoxication.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Marine animal stings or bites.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mastectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mastoidectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mastoiditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mathematics disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/McArdle disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/McCune-Albright syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Measles.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meatal stenosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mechanical ventilator - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meckel diverticulectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meckel's diverticulum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meclofenamate overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meconium aspiration syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Medial epicondylitis - golfer's elbow.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Medial.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mediastinal tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mediastinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mediastinoscopy with biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Medications for back pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Medicines for ADHD.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meibomianitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Melanin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Melanoma of the eye.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Melanoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Melasma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Membranous nephropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Memory loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - cryptococcal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - gram-negative.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - H. influenzae.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - meningococcal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - pneumococcal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - staphylococcal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis - tuberculous.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningocele repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningococcal ACWY Vaccines - MenACWY and MPSV4: What You Need to Know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meningococcemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meniscal allograft transplantation .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Menkes syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Menopause.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mental status testing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Menthol poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meperidine hydrochloride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Meprobamate overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Merbromin poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mercuric chloride poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mercuric oxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mercury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Merthiolate poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mesenteric angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mesenteric artery ischemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mesenteric venous thrombosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metabolic acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metabolic neuropathies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metabolic syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metabolism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metabolite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metachromatic leukodystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metal cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metal polish poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metastasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metastatic pleural tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metatarsus adductus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methadone overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methamphetamine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methanol poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methanol test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methapyrilene hydrochloride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methemoglobinemia - acquired.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methemoglobinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methyl salicylate overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methylene blue test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methylmalonic acid blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methylmalonic acidemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Methylmercury poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Metopic ridge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ménière disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/MIBG scintiscan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Microalbuminuria test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Microcephaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Micrognathia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Migraine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mildew remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Milia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Milk-alkali syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Millipede toxin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mineral oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mineral spirits poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Minimal change disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Minimally invasive hip replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mistletoe poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mitral stenosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mitral valve prolapse.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mitral valve regurgitation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mitral valve surgery - minimally invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mitral valve surgery - open.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/MMR (measles, mumps, and rubella) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/MMRV (measles, mumps, rubella, and varicella) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mohs micrographic surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Molluscum contagiosum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mongolian blue spots.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mononeuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mononucleosis spot test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mononucleosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Moro reflex.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Morphine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Morquio syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Morton neuroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mosaicism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mouth sores.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mouth ulcers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mouthwash overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Movement - uncontrollable.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Movement - uncontrolled or slow.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Movement - uncoordinated.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Movement - unpredictable or jerky.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/MRI and low back pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/MRI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mucopolysaccharides.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mucormycosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mucosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mucous cyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Multifocal atrial tachycardia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) II.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Multiple mononeuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Multiple vitamin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mumps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Munchausen syndrome by proxy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle aches.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle atrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle cramps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle function loss.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle strain treatment.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscle twitching.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Muscular dystrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myasthenia gravis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mycobacterial culture .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Mycoplasma pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myelin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myelofibrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myelomeningocele.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myocardial biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myocardial contusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myocarditis - pediatric.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myoglobin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myoglobin urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myositis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myotonia congenita.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Myristica oil poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nabothian cyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nail polish poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Naphthalene poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Naproxen sodium overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Narcissistic personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Narcolepsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal CPAP.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal endoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal flaring.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal mucosal biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal polyps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasal septal hematoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nasopharyngeal culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Natal teeth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Natural short sleeper.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nausea and acupressure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nausea and vomiting - adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Near drowning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nearsightedness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neck dissection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neck lump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neck x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Necrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Necrotizing enterocolitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Necrotizing granuloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Necrotizing soft tissue infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Necrotizing vasculitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal abstinence syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal conjunctivitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal cystic fibrosis screening test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal hypothyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal respiratory distress syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal sepsis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonatal weight gain and nutrition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neonate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nephrocalcinosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nephrotic syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nerve biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nerve conduction velocity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neuropathy secondary to drugs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neuroretinitis - definition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neuroretinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neurosciences.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Neutropenia - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Newborn head molding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Newborn jaundice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Newborn screening tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Niacin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nicotine and tobacco.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nicotine poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nicotine replacement therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/NICU consultants and support staff.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/NICU staff.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Niemann-Pick disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Night terror.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nightmares.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nikolsky sign.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nipple discharge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nitric acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nitroblue tetrazolium blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nitroglycerin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nocardia infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Noma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nonallergic rhinopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Noninvasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Noonan syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Normal growth and development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Norpramin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nosebleed .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nuchal translucency test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nuclear stress test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nuclear ventriculography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Numbness and tingling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nurse practitioner (NP) .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nursemaid’s elbow.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nutrition and athletic performance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Nystagmus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obesity hypoventilation syndrome (OHS).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obesity in children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obesity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obsessive-compulsive personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obstructive sleep apnea - adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Obstructive uropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Occupational asthma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oil-based paint poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oily hair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oleander poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Omphalocele repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Omphalocele.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Open heart surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Open lung biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Open pleural biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ophthalmoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Opiate and opioid withdrawal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Opioid intoxication.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oppositional defiant disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Optic glioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Optic nerve atrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Optic neuritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oral hypoglycemics overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orbit CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orbital cellulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orbital pseudotumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orchitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orgasmic dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oropharynx lesion biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Orthopedic services.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osgood-Schlatter disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osler-Weber-Rendu syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osmolality - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osmolality urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osmotic diuresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osmotic fragility test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osteopenia - premature infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Osteotomy of the knee.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Otitis media with effusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oven cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Over-the-counter medicines.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Over-the-counter pain relievers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Overcoming breastfeeding problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Overweight.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ovulation home test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oxalic acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oxazepam overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Oxygen therapy - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ozena.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pain medications - narcotics.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Painful swallowing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paint, lacquer, and varnish remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Palatal myoclonus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paleness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Palpation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Palpebral slant - eye.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/PAM.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreas divisum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreas transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreatic abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreatic islet cell tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreatic pseudocyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pancreatitis - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Panic disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pantothenic acid and biotin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pap test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Papule.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Para-aminobenzoic acid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paradichlorobenzene poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paraffin poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parainfluenza.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paranoid personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paraphimosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parapneumonic pleural effusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paraquat poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid adenoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid gland removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid hormone (PTH) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid hormone-related protein blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parathyroid hyperplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parinaud oculoglandular syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Parkinson disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria (PCH).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Partial knee replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Partial thromboplastin time (PTT).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Patches.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Patent ductus arteriosus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Patent foramen ovale.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Patent urachus repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/PBG urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pectus carinatum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pectus excavatum repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pectus excavatum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pediatric heart surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pediatric sleep apnea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pedicle.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pellagra.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvic CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvic floor muscle training exercises.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvic inflammatory disease (PID).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvic laparoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvic ultrasound - abdominal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvis MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pelvis x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pemphigus vulgaris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pencil erasers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pencil swallowing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Penis care (uncircumcised).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Penis pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Penis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pentazocine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pentobarbital overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peppermint oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peptic ulcer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Percussion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Percutaneous transhepatic cholangiogram .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Percutaneous urinary procedures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Percutaneously inserted central catheter - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Periactin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Perianal streptococcal cellulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericardial fluid culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericardial fluid Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericardiocentesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericarditis - after heart attack.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericarditis - constrictive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pericarditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Perichondritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Periodontitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Perioral dermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Periorbital cellulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Periosteum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripartum cardiomyopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral arterial line - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral artery bypass - leg.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral artery disease - legs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral intravenous line - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral neuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peripheral.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Perirenal abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peristalsis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritoneal fluid analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritoneal fluid culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritonitis - secondary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritonitis - spontaneous bacterial.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritonitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peritonsillar abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Periventricular leukomalacia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pernicious anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pertussis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pesticides on fruits and vegetables.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pesticides.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/PET scan for breast cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/PET scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Petroleum jelly overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Petrositis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pets and the immunocompromised person.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Peutz-Jeghers syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pharyngitis - sore throat.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pharyngitis - viral.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pharyngomaxillary space abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phencyclidine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phenindamine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pheniramine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phenobarbital overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phenothiazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phenylketonuria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phenytoin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pheochromocytoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Philodendron poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phlegmasia cerulea dolens.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phobia - simple-specific.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phonological disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phosphorus blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Phosphorus in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Photographic fixative poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Photophobia .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Physical activity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Physical exam frequency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Physical examination.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Physical medicine and rehabilitation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Physician Assistant profession (PA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pica.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pierre Robin sequence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pine oil poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pinguecula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pinworm test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pinworms.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Piperonyl butoxide with pyrethrins poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Piroxicam overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pituitary apoplexy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pituitary tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pityriasis alba.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pityriasis rosea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pityriasis rubra pilaris.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plague.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plant fertilizer poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plantar fasciitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plaque and tartar on teeth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plasma amino acids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plastic casting resin poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plastic resin hardener poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Platelet aggregation test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Platelet count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Platelet-associated antibodies blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plethysmography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural effusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural fluid analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural fluid culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural fluid Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural fluid smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleural needle biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pleurisy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Plummer-Vinson syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (PCV13) - What you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumomediastinum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumonia - adults (community acquired).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumonia - children - community acquired.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumonia - weakened immune system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pneumothorax - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poinsettia plant exposure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poison control center - emergency number.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poison ivy - oak - sumac rash.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poison ivy - oak - sumac.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poisoning - fish and shellfish.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Poisoning first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pokeweed poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polio vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polio.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polyarteritis nodosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polychromatophilia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polycystic kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polycythemia - newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polycythemia vera.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polydactyly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polyhydramnios.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polymorphous light eruption.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polymyalgia rheumatica.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polymyositis - adult.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Polysomnography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Porphyria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Porphyrins - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Porphyrins - urine.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Port-wine stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Portacaval shunting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Post-splenectomy syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Post-streptococcal glomerulonephritis (GN).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Posterior fossa tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Postpartum depression.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potassium carbonate poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potassium hydroxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potassium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potassium test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potassium urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potato plant poisoning - green tubers and sprouts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potbellies and toddlers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Potter syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/PPD skin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prader-Willi syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Precocious puberty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pregnancy test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Premature ejaculation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Premature infant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prerenal azotemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Presbyopia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Preschooler development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Preschooler test or procedure preparation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Preventing food poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Preventive health care.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Primary alveolar hypoventilation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Primary amyloidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Primary biliary cirrhosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Primary thrombocythemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Proctitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Progeria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prognathism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prolactin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prolactinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Proliferation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Promethazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Propane poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Propoxyphene overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Propyl alcohol.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostate biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostate brachytherapy .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostate resection - minimally invasive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostatitis - bacterial.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prostatitis - nonbacterial.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prosthesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein C blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein electrophoresis - serum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein S blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protein-losing enteropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prothrombin time (PT).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Proton therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Protuberance.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Proximal renal tubular acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Proximal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Prune belly syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pseudohypoparathyroidism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pseudomembranous colitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pseudotumor cerebri.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Psittacosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Psoriasis - guttate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Psychosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pterygium.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ptosis - infants and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pubic lice.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary actinomycosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary arteriovenous fistula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary aspergilloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary edema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary embolus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary function tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary hypertension.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary nocardiosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary tuberculosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary valve stenosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary veno-occlusive disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulmonary ventilation-perfusion scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulse - bounding.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pulse.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pupil - white spots.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Purpura.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pustules.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyloric stenosis - infant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyloroplasty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyogenic granuloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyogenic liver abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyruvate kinase blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Pyruvate kinase deficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Q fever - early.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Q fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Quadruple screen test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Quantitative Bence-Jones protein test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Quantitative nephelometry test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rabies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radial nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radiation enteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radiation sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radiation therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radical prostatectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radioactive iodine uptake.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radionuclide cisternogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Radionuclide cystogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ramsay Hunt syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rape (sexual assault) - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rape prevention.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rapid shallow breathing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rat-bite fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Raynaud phenomenon.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RBC count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RBC indices.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RBC nuclear scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RBC urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reactive arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reactive attachment disorder of infancy or early childhood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Recognizing medical emergencies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Recovering after stroke.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rectal biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rectal culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rectal prolapse repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rectal prolapse.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reflux nephropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reflux wedge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Refraction test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Refrigerant poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Relapsing fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Remembering tips.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal arteriography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal papillary necrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal perfusion scintiscan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal vein thrombosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal venogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Renovascular hypertension.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Repair of webbed fingers or toes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Repeated nightmares.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Replantation of digits.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reportable diseases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Resources.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Respiratory acidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Respiratory alkalosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Respiratory.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Restless legs syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Restrictive cardiomyopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reticulocyte count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinal artery occlusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinal detachment repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinal detachment.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinal vein occlusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinitis pigmentosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retinopathy of prematurity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retrograde cystography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retrograde ejaculation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retroperitoneal fibrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retroperitoneal inflammation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retropharyngeal abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retrosternal thyroid surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Retroversion of the uterus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rett syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Reye syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rh incompatibility.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rhabdomyolysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rhabdomyosarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rheumatic fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rheumatoid arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rheumatoid factor (RF).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rheumatoid lung disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rhinophyma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rhinoplasty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rhubarb leaves poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Riboflavin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rickets.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rickettsialpox.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Right heart ventriculography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ringworm of the body.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ringworm of the scalp.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ringworm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Risks of tobacco.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Robotic surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rocky Mountain spotted fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Root canal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rosacea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Roseola.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rotator cuff problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rotator cuff repair .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rotavirus antigen test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rotavirus vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Routine sputum culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RPR test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/RSV antibody test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rubber cement poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rubella.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Rumination disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Russell-Silver syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sachet poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Safe driving for teens.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Safe sex .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salads and nutrients.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salivary duct stones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salivary gland biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salivary gland infections.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salivary gland tumors.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Salmonella enterocolitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sanfilippo syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sarcoidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sassafras oil overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Satiety - early  .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scabies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scar revision.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scarlet fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scheie syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Schilling test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Schirmer test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Schistosomiasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/School age test or procedure preparation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/School-age children development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sciatica.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sclera.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scleritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scleroderma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scleroma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sclerosing cholangitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scoliosis surgery - child.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scoliosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scorpion fish sting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scorpions.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrape.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Screening and diagnosis for HIV.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrofula.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrotal masses.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrotal swelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrotal ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scrotum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Scurvy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Seasonal affective disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sebaceous adenoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sebaceous cyst.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Seborrheic dermatitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Seborrheic keratosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Secobarbital overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Secondary infections.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Secondary parkinsonism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Secondary systemic amyloidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Secretin stimulation test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Seizures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Selective deficiency of IgA.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Selective mutism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Selenium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Semen analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sensitivity analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sensorimotor polyneuropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Separation anxiety in children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sepsis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Septic arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Septic shock.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Septicemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Septoplasty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serogroup B Meningococcal vaccine (MenB) - What you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serology for brucellosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serology for tularemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serosanguineous.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serotonin blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serotonin syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum free hemoglobin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum globulin electrophoresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum herpes simplex antibodies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum iron test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum phenylalanine screening.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum progesterone.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Serum sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sex-linked dominant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sex-linked recessive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shaken baby syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shampoo - swallowing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shaving cream poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shellac poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shigellosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shingles vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shingles.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shock.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Short bones.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Short bowel syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Short philtrum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Short stature.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shoulder arthroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shoulder CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shoulder MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Shoulder replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sialogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sick sinus syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sickle cell anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sickle cell test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sigmoidoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Silent thyroiditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Silicosis .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Simian crease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Simple prostatectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Simple pulmonary eosinophilia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sinus CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sinus MRI scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sinus x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sinusitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sitz bath.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sjögren syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skeletal limb abnormalities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin - clammy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin blushing-flushing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin care and incontinence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin color - patchy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin findings in newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin lesion biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin lesion KOH exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin lesion removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin lumps.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin nodules.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin or nail culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin sagging treatment - underarms.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skin turgor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Skull x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sleep disorders - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sleep disorders in older adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sleeping sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sleepwalking and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sleepwalking.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Slipped capital femoral epiphysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Slit-lamp exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Small bowel bacterial overgrowth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Small bowel resection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Small bowel tissue smear.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Small intestinal ischemia and infarction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Small intestine aspirate and culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smallpox.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smashed fingers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smear of duodenal fluid aspirate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smell - impaired.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smoking - tips on how to quit.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Smoking cessation medications.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Snake bites.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sneezing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Social anxiety disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium bisulfate poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium carbonate poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium hydroxide poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium hypochlorite poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sodium urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Solder poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Solitary fibrous tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Solitary pulmonary nodule.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Soluble vs. insoluble fiber.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Soy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spasmus nutans.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Speech disorders - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Speech impairment (adult).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spider angioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal and epidural anesthesia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal cord abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal cord stimulation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal cord trauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal fusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal injury.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal muscular atrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal stenosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spinal tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spleen removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Splenic infarction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Splenomegaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Splinter removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spondylolisthesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Spores.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sporotrichosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sports cream overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sprains.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sputum direct fluorescent antibody (DFA) test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sputum fungal smear .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sputum Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sputum stain for mycobacteria.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stable angina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Standard ophthalmic exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Starch poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stasis dermatitis and ulcers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Steam iron cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stent.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stereotactic radiosurgery - CyberKnife.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stereotactic radiosurgery - Gamma Knife.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stereotypic movement disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sterilization surgery - making a decision.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sternal exploration or closure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Steroid injections - tendon, bursa, joint.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stimulants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stimulus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stingray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stoddard solvent poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stomach acid test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stonefish sting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stool C difficile toxin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stool Gram stain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stool guaiac test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stool ova and parasites exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stools - floating.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stools - foul smelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stools - pale or clay-colored.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stop smoking support programs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stork bite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Strabismus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Strains .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Strep throat.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Streptococcal screen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stress and your health.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stress echocardiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stress in childhood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stress urinary incontinence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stretch marks.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stridor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/String test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stroke.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Strongyloidiasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stuffy or runny nose - adult.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stuffy or runny nose - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sturge-Weber syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Stuttering.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subacute thyroiditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subarachnoid hemorrhage.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subareolar abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subconjunctival hemorrhage.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subcutaneous emphysema.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subcutaneous.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subdural effusion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Subdural hematoma .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Substance use disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Substance use recovery and diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Substance use.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sudden infant death syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sugar-water hemolysis test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Suicide and suicidal behavior.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sulfuric acid poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sulindac overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sunburn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Superficial thrombophlebitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Supernumerary nipples.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Supranuclear ophthalmoplegia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Surgery for pancreatic cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Surgical excision.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Surgical wound infection - treatment.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sutures - ridged.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sutures - separated.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/SVC obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swallowing chalk.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swallowing difficulty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swallowing soap.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swallowing sunscreen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swan-Ganz - right heart catheterization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sweat electrolytes test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sweating - absent.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sweating.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sweeteners - sugar substitutes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sweeteners - sugars.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swelling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swimming pool cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swimming pool granuloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Swollen lymph nodes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Sydenham chorea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Symptomatic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Synovial biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Synovial fluid analysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Syphilis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Syphilitic aseptic meningitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Systemic lupus erythematosus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Systemic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/T-cell count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/T3 test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/T3RU test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tabes dorsalis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tailbone trauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Takayasu arteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Taking care of your back at home.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Taking iron supplements.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Talcum powder poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tapeworm infection - beef or pork.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tapeworm infection - Hymenolepsis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tar remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tarantula spider bite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tardive dyskinesia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Taste - impaired.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tay-Sachs disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/TBG - blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Td (tetanus and diphtheria) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tdap (tetanus, diphtheria and pertussis) vaccine - what you need to know.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Teenagers and drugs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Teething.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Telangiectasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Temper tantrums.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Temperature measurement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Temporal arteritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tendinitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tendon repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tenesmus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tennis elbow surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tennis elbow.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tenosynovitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tensilon test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tension headache.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicle lump.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicle pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicular biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicular failure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicular self-exam.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicular torsion repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testicular torsion.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Testosterone.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tests for H. pylori.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tetanus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tetrahydrozoline poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tetralogy of Fallot.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thalassemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Therapeutic drug levels.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thiamin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thiazide overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thioridazine overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thirst - absent.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thirst - excessive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thoracentesis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thoracic aortic aneurysm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thoracic outlet syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thoracic spine CT scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thoracic spine x-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Throat swab culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thromboangiitis obliterans.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombocytopenia - drug induced.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombocytopenia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombolytic drugs for heart attack.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombolytic therapy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombophlebitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrush - children and adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thrush in newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid cancer - medullary carcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid function tests.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid gland removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid nodule.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid preparation overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid storm.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyroid ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tibia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tibial nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tick bite.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tick paralysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tick removal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Time out.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tinea versicolor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Titer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/TMJ disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toddler development.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toddler test or procedure preparation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toilet bowl cleaners and deodorizers poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tolmetin overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toluene and xylene poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tongue biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tongue problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tongue tie.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tonometry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tonsillectomies and children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tonsillectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tonsillitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth - abnormal colors.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth - abnormal shape.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth anatomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth extraction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tooth formation - delayed or absent.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toothaches.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toothpaste overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/TORCH screen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Torticollis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total abdominal colectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total anomalous pulmonary venous return.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total iron binding capacity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total parenteral nutrition - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total proctocolectomy and ileal-anal pouch.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total proctocolectomy with ileostomy .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Total protein.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tourette syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxic megacolon.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxic nodular goiter.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxic shock syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxic synovitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxicology screen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxoplasma blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Toxoplasmosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheal rupture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheoesophageal fistula and esophageal atresia repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheomalacia - acquired.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheomalacia - congenital.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tracheostomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trachoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Traction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transcatheter aortic valve replacement.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transfusion reaction - hemolytic.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transient familial hyperbilirubinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transient ischemic attack.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transient tachypnea - newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transient tic disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transillumination.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Translocation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transplant rejection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transplant services.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transposition of the great vessels.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transurethral resection of the prostate.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Transvaginal ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Traumatic injury of the bladder and urethra.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Traveler's guide to avoiding infectious diseases.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Traveler’s diarrhea diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Traveling with children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trazodone hydrochloride overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Treacher Collins syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tremor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trench mouth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trichinosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trichomoniasis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trichotillomania.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tricuspid atresia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tricuspid regurgitation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trigeminal neuralgia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Triglyceride level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trisodium phosphate poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trisomy 13.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trisomy 18.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tropical sprue.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Troponin test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Truncus arteriosus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trypsin and chymotrypsin in stool.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Trypsinogen test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tryptophan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/TSH test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/TSI test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tubal ligation reversal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tubal ligation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tubercle.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tuberous sclerosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tularemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Turbinate surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Turner syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Turpentine oil poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Tympanometry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Types of health care providers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Typhoid fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Typhus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ulcerative colitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ulcers.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ulnar nerve dysfunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ultrasound pregnancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ultrasound.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Umbilical catheters .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Umbilical cord care in newborns.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Umbilical hernia repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Umbilical hernia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Unconsciousness - first aid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Undescended testicle repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Undescended testicle.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Unstable angina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Upper airway biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Upper GI and small bowel series.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urea nitrogen urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ureteral retrograde brush biopsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ureterocele.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ureteroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urethral discharge culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urethral stricture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urethritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urge incontinence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uric acid  - blood .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uric acid urine test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinalysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary casts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary catheter - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary catheters.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence - injectable implant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence - retropubic suspension.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence - tension-free vaginal tape.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence - vaginal sling procedures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence products.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary incontinence.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary tract infection - adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinary tract infection - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urinating more at night.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urination - difficulty with flow.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urination - excessive amount.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urination - painful.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine - abnormal color.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine - bloody .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine 24-hour volume.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine chemistry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine collection - infants.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine concentration test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine culture - catheterized specimen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine drug screen.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine melanin.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine odor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine output - decreased.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine pH test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine protein electrophoresis test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urine specific gravity test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uroflowmetry.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Urticaria pigmentosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uterine artery embolization.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uterine fibroids.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uterine prolapse.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uvea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uveitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uvulitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty (UPPP) .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vacation health care.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vaccines (immunizations) - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vagina.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vaginitis test - wet mount.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Valley fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Varicocele.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Varicose vein - noninvasive treatment.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Varicose vein stripping.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Varicose veins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Varnish poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vascular dementia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vascular ring.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vasectomy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vasoactive intestinal peptide test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vasoconstriction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/VDRL test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vegetarian diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Venipuncture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Venogram - leg.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Venogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Venous insufficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventral hernia repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventricular assist device.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventricular fibrillation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventricular septal defect.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventricular tachycardia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Ventriculoperitoneal shunting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vertebrobasilar circulatory disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vertebroplasty.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vertical sleeve gastrectomy .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vertigo-associated disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vesicles.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/VIPoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Viral arthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Viral gastroenteritis (stomach flu).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Viral pneumonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Virtual colonoscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Visceral larva migrans.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Visceromegaly.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vision - night blindness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vision problems.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Visual acuity test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Visual field.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vital signs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin A blood test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin A.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin B12 deficiency anemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin B12 level.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin B12.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin B6.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin C and colds.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin C.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin D.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin E.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin K deficiency bleeding of the newborn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamin K.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitamins.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vitiligo.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/VLDL test.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Voiding cystourethrogram.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Volkmann ischemic contracture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Volvulus - childhood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vomiting blood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Von Gierke disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Von Willebrand disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vulva.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Vulvovaginitis - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Walking abnormalities.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wart remover poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Warts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wasp sting.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Water in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Watercolor paints - swallowing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Waterhouse-Friderichsen syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Watery eyes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wax poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/WBC count.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/WBC scan.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Weakness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Webbing of the fingers or toes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Weight gain - unintentional.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Weight loss - unintentional.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Well-child visits.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/West Nile virus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wheezing.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Whipple disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Whipworm infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/White matter of the brain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Whiteheads.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Widely spaced teeth.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Williams syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wilms tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Window cleaner poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Windshield washer fluid.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wine and heart health.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome (WPW).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Women's health.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wood stains.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wood's lamp examination.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wrinkles.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Wrist arthroscopy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/X-ray - skeleton.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/X-ray.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Xanthoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Xeroderma pigmentosum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Yawning - excessive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Yaws.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Yellow fever.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Yew poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Your baby and the flu.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Your baby in  the birth canal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Your child and the flu.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Your child's first vaccines.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Zika virus disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Zinc in diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Zinc oxide overdose.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Zinc poisoning.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/GENERAL PRACTICE/Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Aging changes in the heart and blood vessels.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Arrhythmias.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Cardiogenic shock.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Coronary heart disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Cyanotic heart disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Dilated cardiomyopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart attack.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart block.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart disease and diet.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart disease and women.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart failure - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart murmurs.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart pacemaker.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart palpitations.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heart transplant.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Heartburn.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGY/Myocarditis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Adult soft tissue sarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Anal cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/B-cell leukemia-lymphoma panel.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Basal cell skin cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Bladder cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Breast cancer in men.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Breast cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Burkitt lymphoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Cervical cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Colon cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Endometrial cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Esophageal cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Hodgkin lymphoma - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Hodgkin lymphoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Liver cancer - hepatocellular carcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Lung cancer - non-small cell.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Lung cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Non-Hodgkin lymphoma - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Non-Hodgkin lymphoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Oral cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Ovarian cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Pancreatic cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Parathyroid cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Penile cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Primary lymphoma of the brain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Prostate cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Renal cell carcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Renal pelvis or ureter cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Squamous cell skin cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Stomach cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Testicular cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Throat or larynx cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Thyroid cancer - papillary carcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Thyroid cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Uterine sarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Vaginal cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/MEDICAL ONCOLOGY/Vulva cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Acute arterial occlusion - kidney.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Acute kidney failure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Acute tubular necrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Aging changes in the kidneys and bladder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Analgesic nephropathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Bilateral hydronephrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Chronic kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/End-stage kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Goodpasture syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Hydronephrosis of one kidney.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Injury - kidney and ureter.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Medullary cystic kidney disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/Renal and urological disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEPHROLOGY/UPJ obstruction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Aging changes in the nervous system.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Autonomic dysreflexia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Brain abscess.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Brain herniation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Brain tumor - children.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Brain tumor - primary - adults.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Central pontine myelinolysis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Central serous choroidopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Central sleep apnea.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral amyloid angiopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral angiography.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral arteriovenous malformation.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral hypoxia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral palsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) collection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) culture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cranial mononeuropathy III - diabetic type.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cranial mononeuropathy III.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cranial mononeuropathy VI.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Cranial sutures.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Craniopharyngioma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Craniosynostosis repair.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Craniosynostosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Craniotabes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Decerebrate posture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Decorticate posture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Delirium.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Epidural hematoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Focal neurological deficits.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/General paresis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Hydrocephalus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Increased intracranial pressure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Kuru.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Kyphosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Metastatic brain tumor.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Multiple sclerosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Multiple system atrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neuralgia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neuroblastoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurocognitive disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation (NBIA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurofibromatosis 2.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurofibromatosis-1.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurogenic bladder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurologic deficit.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses (NCL).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurosarcoidosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Neurosyphilis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Normal pressure hydrocephalus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Olivopontocerebellar atrophy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Opisthotonos.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Partial (focal) seizure.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Pick disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Primary lymphoma of the brain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Progressive supranuclear palsy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Spasmodic dysphonia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Spasticity.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Syringomyelia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/NEUROLOGY/Wilson disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Abortion - medical.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Abortion - surgical.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Absent menstrual periods - primary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Absent menstrual periods - secondary.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Absent pulmonary valve.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Adenomyosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Alcohol and pregnancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Choriocarcinoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Chorionic villus sampling.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ectopic pregnancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Fetal alcohol syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Folic acid and birth defect prevention.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Gestational trophoblastic disease .txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Hydatidiform mole.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Hyperemesis gravidarum.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Hypogonadism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Miscarriage - threatened.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Miscarriage.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Mittelschmerz.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Morning sickness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ovarian cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ovarian cysts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ovarian hypofunction.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Ovarian overproduction of androgens.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Painful menstrual periods.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Placenta abruption - definition.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Placenta previa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Placental insufficiency.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Polycystic ovary syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Preeclampsia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Pregnancy - health risks.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Pregnancy - identifying fertile days.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Pregnancy and herpes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Pregnancy and the flu.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Pregnancy care.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Premenstrual breast changes.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Premenstrual dysphoric disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Premenstrual syndrome.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Small for gestational age (SGA).txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal bleeding - hormonal.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal bleeding between periods.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal bleeding in pregnancy.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal cancer.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal cysts.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal dryness alternative treatments.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal dryness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal itching and discharge - adult and adolescent.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal itching and discharge - child.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal or uterine bleeding - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal sponge and spermicides.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginal yeast infection.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OBSTETRICS-GYNECOLOGY/Vaginismus.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Eye - foreign object in.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Eye burning - itching and discharge.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Eye emergencies.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Eye pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Eye redness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Retinoblastoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/OPHTHALMOLOGY/Vernal conjunctivitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Bone pain or tenderness.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Broken bone.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Compression fractures of the back.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Epidural hematoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Facial trauma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Fibrous dysplasia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Hip fracture surgery.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Kyphosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Multiple myeloma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Nose fracture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteitis fibrosa.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteoarthritis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteogenesis imperfecta.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteomalacia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteomyelitis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteonecrosis.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteoporosis - overview.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Osteosarcoma.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Paget disease of the bone.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Ribcage pain.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY/Skull fracture.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Alzheimer disease.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Antisocial personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Avoidant personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Borderline personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Child abuse - physical.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Child neglect and emotional abuse.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Crying in childhood.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Cyclothymic disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Delirium tremens.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Dementia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Dependent personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Failure to thrive.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Grief.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Hartnup disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Histrionic personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Neurologic deficit.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Obsessive-compulsive disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Persistent depressive disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Personality disorders.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Post-traumatic stress disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Schizoaffective disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Schizoid personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Schizophrenia.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Schizotypal personality disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Somatic symptom disorder.txt
diseases_data/curated_diseases/PSYCHIATRY/Subacute combined degeneration.txt
